=head1 

XXX

=over 4

=item $wd->new_session ($name => $value, ...)->then (sub { $session = shift })

Create a new WebDriver session.

Following options can be specified as name/value pairs of the method
arguments:

=over 4

=item http_proxy_url => $url

The URL of the HTTP proxy used by the session's browser.  The value
must be a L<Web::URL> object whose C<scheme> is C<http> and C<host>
and C<port> identify the proxy server.

=item https_proxy_url => $url

The URL of the TLS proxy (for HTTPS connections) used by the session's
browser.  The value must be a L<Web::URL> object whose C<scheme> is
C<http> and C<host> and C<port> identify the proxy server.

=item chrome_profile_dir => $path_string

The path to the directory of the Chrome user profile.  It can be a
non-existing directory.

=item firefox_profile_dir => $path_string

The path to the directory of the Firefox user profile.  It must be an
C<existing> directory.  It can be empty, however.

=back

The method returns a promise (L<Promise>) which is to be resolved with
a L<Web::Driver::Client::Session> object (or to be rejected with an
error).

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

The module requires Perl 5.8 or later.

It requires modules from following repositories, which are submodules
of this Git repository:

=over 4

=item the perl-web-datetime repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-datetime>

=item the perl-web-encodings repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-encodings>

=item the perl-web-resources repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-resource>

=item the perl-web-url repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-url>

=item the perl-charclass repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-charclass>

=item the perl-json-ps repository <https://github.com/manakai/perl-json-ps>

=item the perl-promise repository <https://github.com/wakaba/perl-promise>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2016-2025 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
